Add slovenian tutorial (#1374)
py-pdf/fpdf2: CHANGELOG.md

* turned `accept_page_break` into a property
* unit tests now use the standard `unittest` lib
* massive code cleanup using `flake8`
### Added

> - Added Slovenian translation of the tutorial (docs/Tutorial-sl.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Slovenian translation of the tutorial: [Vodič](https://py-pdf.github.io/fpdf2/Tutorial-sl.html)
```
